Introduce MaintenanceTasks::Task.report_on (#1150)
Shopify/maintenance_tasks: README.md

end
```

### Handling errors during iteration

> By default any errors encountered while processing an iteration will be raised and
> the task with error. Errors can be rescued using the `rescue_from` handler. Errors
> rescued this way will be reported by the handler and iteration will continue.

Reviewer: Couple small wording tweaks here
```suggestion
By default, any errors encountered while processing an iteration will raise and
the task will error. Errors can be rescued using the `rescue_from` method, and configuring
a handler. The handler will receive the rescued error and iteration will continue.
```

> The default handler just calls `Rails.error.report` with the raised error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default handler calls `Rails.error.report` with the raised error:
```

```ruby
module Maintenance
  class UpdatePostRescueErrorTask < MaintenanceTasks::Task
    rescue_from ActiveRecord::RecordNotUnique
  end
end
```

> Or you can pass a custom handler with a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can pass a custom handler with a block:
```

```ruby
module Maintenance
  class UpdatePostRescueErrorTask < MaintenanceTasks::Task
    rescue_from ActiveRecord::RecordNotUnique do |error|
      CustomErrorHandler.report(error)
    end
  end
end
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a note indicating that if the handler raises, the whole task _will_ error?
